Experiment Architecture Doc [Resolves #579] (#580)
dssg/triage: docs/sources/experiments/architecture.md

## I want to add a new option. Where should I put it?

Generally, the experiment configuration is where any new options go that change any data science-related functionality; in other words, if you could conceivably get better precision from the change, it should make it into experiment configuration. This is so the hashed experiment config is meaningful and the experiment can be audited by looking at the experiment configuration rather than requiring the perusal of custom code. The blind spot in this is, of course, the state of the database, which can always change results, but it's useful for database state to continue to be the only exception to this rule.

On the other hand, new options that affect only runtime concerns (e.g. performance boosts) should go as arguments to the Experiment. For instance, changing the number of cores to use for matrix building, or telling it to skip predictions won't change the answer you're looking for; options like these just help you potentially get to the answer faster.  Once an experiment is completed, runtime flags like these should be totally safe to ignore in analysis.

## Storage Abstractions

> Another important part of enabling different execution contexts is being able to pass large, persisted objects (e.g. matrices or models) by reference to another process or cluster. To achieve this, as well as provide the ability to configure different storage mediums (e.g. S3) and formats (e,g, HDF) without changes to the Experiment class, all references to these large objects within any components are handled through an abstraction layer.

Reviewer: typo: commas in place of periods –

```suggestion
Another important part of enabling different execution contexts is being able to pass large, persisted objects (e.g. matrices or models) by reference to another process or cluster. To achieve this, as well as provide the ability to configure different storage mediums (_e.g._ S3) and formats (_e.g._ HDF) without changes to the Experiment class, all references to these large objects within any components are handled through an abstraction layer.
```

### Miscellaneous Project Storage

Both the `ModelStorageEngine` and `MatrixStorageEngine` are based on a more general storage abstraction that is suitable for any other auxiliary objects (e.g. graph images) that need to be stored. That is the `ProjectStorage` object, which roughly corresponds to a directory on some storage medium where we store everything. One of these exists as an Experiment attribute, and its interface `.get_store` can be used to persist or load whatever is needed.

## Parallelization/Subclassing Details

In the [Class Design](#class-design) section above, we introduced *tasks* for parallelization and subclassing for execution changes. In this section, we expand on these to help provide a new guide to working with these.

Currently there are three methods that must be implemented by subclasses of Experiment in order to be fully functional.

### Abstract Methods

> - `process_query_tasks` - Run feature generation queries. Receives a list of tasks. each `task` actually represents a table and is split into three lists of queries to enable the implementation to avoid deadlocks: `prepare` (table creation), `inserts` (a collection of INSERT INTO SELECT queries), and `finalize` (indexing). `prepare` needs to be run before the inserts and `finalize` is best run after the inserts, so it is advised that only the inserts are parallelized. The subclass should run each individual batch of queries by calling `self.feature_generator.run_commands([list of queries])`, which will run all of the queries serially, so the implementation can send a batch of queries to each worker instead of having each individual query be on a new worker. 

Reviewer: caps, minor wording, just in the first couple lines – (each → Each, to avoid → that avoids) –

```suggestion
- `process_query_tasks` - Run feature generation queries. Receives a list of tasks. Each `task` actually represents a table and is split into three lists of queries to enable an implementation that avoids deadlocks: `prepare` (table creation), `inserts` (a collection of INSERT INTO SELECT queries), and `finalize` (indexing). `prepare` needs to be run before the inserts and `finalize` is best run after the inserts, so it is advised that only the inserts are parallelized. The subclass should run each individual batch of queries by calling `self.feature_generator.run_commands([list of queries])`, which will run all of the queries serially, so the implementation can send a batch of queries to each worker instead of having each individual query be on a new worker. 
```
